# CodeBook.md
The below are the field names and sources of the tidy data

FieldName	Source
Subject	identifier for the Subject
ActivityID	Activity engaged in
tBodyAcc.mean...X	mean of original data column
tBodyAcc.mean...Y	mean of original data column
tBodyAcc.mean...Z	mean of original data column
tBodyAcc.std...X	mean of original data column
tBodyAcc.std...Y	mean of original data column
tBodyAcc.std...Z	mean of original data column
tGravityAcc.mean...X	mean of original data column
tGravityAcc.mean...Y	mean of original data column
tGravityAcc.mean...Z	mean of original data column
tGravityAcc.std...X	mean of original data column
tGravityAcc.std...Y	mean of original data column
tGravityAcc.std...Z	mean of original data column
tBodyAccJerk.mean...X	mean of original data column
tBodyAccJerk.mean...Y	mean of original data column
tBodyAccJerk.mean...Z	mean of original data column
tBodyAccJerk.std...X	mean of original data column
tBodyAccJerk.std...Y	mean of original data column
tBodyAccJerk.std...Z	mean of original data column
tBodyGyro.mean...X	mean of original data column
tBodyGyro.mean...Y	mean of original data column
tBodyGyro.mean...Z	mean of original data column
tBodyGyro.std...X	mean of original data column
tBodyGyro.std...Y	mean of original data column
tBodyGyro.std...Z	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...X	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Y	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Z	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroJerk.std...X	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroJerk.std...Y	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroJerk.std...Z	mean of original data column
tBodyAccMag.mean..	mean of original data column
tBodyAccMag.std..	mean of original data column
tGravityAccMag.mean..	mean of original data column
tGravityAccMag.std..	mean of original data column
tBodyAccJerkMag.mean..	mean of original data column
tBodyAccJerkMag.std..	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroMag.mean..	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroMag.std..	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..	mean of original data column
tBodyGyroJerkMag.std..	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.mean...X	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.mean...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.mean...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.std...X	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.std...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.std...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.meanFreq...X	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.meanFreq...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyAcc.meanFreq...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.mean...X	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.mean...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.mean...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.std...X	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.std...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.std...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...X	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.mean...X	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.mean...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.mean...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.std...X	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.std...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.std...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.meanFreq...X	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.meanFreq...Y	mean of original data column
fBodyGyro.meanFreq...Z	mean of original data column
fBodyAccMag.mean..	mean of original data column
fBodyAccMag.std..	mean of original data column
fBodyAccMag.meanFreq..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.meanFreq..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyGyroMag.std..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyGyroMag.meanFreq..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std..	mean of original data column
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.meanFreq..	mean of original data column

